Hello, my friends.
I'm super excited to start now.
A part of this chorus that we've been excitedly waiting for, I'm talking, of course, about deep learning.
You just got the amazing intuition lectures by Kiril.
And so now you understand that what deep learning consists of is building an artificial brain.
So there you go, my friends.
Now we're about to build an artificial brain using the brand new tensor Flow 2.0.
This will be super exciting.
We will really build a deep neural network with neurons and fully connected layers connecting these
neurons.
And we will apply all this to a business problem as usual.
And now that we are, you know, quite advanced and of course, the dataset we'll be working on looks
more like a real world dataset with many observations and many features.
And you'll see that we will actually have to not only use our data processing template, but also use
some of the tools of our data pricing toolkit.
So are you ready?
Are you ready to go next level?
Indeed.
Now we are about to do some more advanced machine learning.
And so I'm super excited that you're even pushing further your expertise in machine learning.
All right.
So let's do this.
But first, let's just make sure everyone here is on the same page.
So this is the folder of the whole machinery.
It is with all the codes.
And they said, I gave you the link to this for the right before this is oil, so make sure you connect
to it.
And now there we go.
Let's enter part eight, Deep Learning with first the classic artificial neural network, meaning the
fully connected neural network with only fully connected layers, you know, with no convolutional layers
or other types of layers.
Here we will just have an input vector containing different features and we will predict an outcome
which will be a binary variable, because you have to know that actually artificial neural networks
can be both used for regression or classification.
And here we're going to do it for classification.
However, note that we have a free course on artificial Newill network in which this time we build an
artificial Nool network for regression.
So make sure to check it out.
I will think of including the links somewhere so that you can get it as well.
It's really good.
You will have both cases, you know, the classification case with discourse and the regression case
with the other free course.
All right.
So now, as usual, we're gonna start with Python.
And there we go.
This folder contains the implementation first artificial new network that IPY NDB, which you can either
open with Jubran Notebook or Google Collaboratory.
And we have, of course, our dataset, which I'm going to explain right now.
All right.
So as you can see, as I told you, it looks indeed more like a real world data set.
Right.
For the first time, our dataset takes the full screen here because indeed, this time we have many
features, you know, starting from here up to this one and the dependent variable right here.
All right.
So let me explain what this is about.
This is the data set of a bank which collected some informations about their customers.
These informations are, well, row.
No, they're just non relevant feature will get rid of it.
Then the customer I.D., that's just the ID key of each customer.
The surname, the credit score, the geography, meaning the country the customer lives in.
The gender, the age, the tenure, meaning the number of years they have been in the bank, the balance,
meaning the amount of money they have on their account, the number of products they use from the bank.
You know, like a credit card or a checkbook or a MasterCard or even a loan or home loan, you know,
any banking product.
OK.
So that's the number of perks each customer has then has credit card.
Yes, I know.
Meaning that this very was equal to one.
If the customer has a credit card and zero otherwise is active member meaning, is the customer active?
Is he or she using the bank, you know, connecting to its account or using its credit card or any other
card?
You know, let's say they have some measurement system to measure if a customer is active or not.
And one means, of course, that the customer is active and zero means that it is an active okay.
Then estimated salary.
Well, you know, the salary of the customer estimated by the bank and that's it.
That's the last feature.
And then the last column here exhibit is the dependent variable.
And it tells if yes or no.
Well, the customer stayed in the bank or left the bank.
One means that it left the bank as an exited equals.
Yes.
And zero means that the customer stayed in the bank as an exit.
It equals no.
So what happened in reality is that this bank actually observed their customers for a certain period
of time, let's say, six months.
They observed it during the six months they left the bank or stayed in the bank.
And they gathered these outcomes in this last dependent variable.
And at the same time, you know, they got all these features.
Well, to guess what.
Understand the correlations with.
These features and the fact whether or not the customer stays in the bank or leave the bank, and that
makes sense, right?
Because a bank wants to have the maximum customers.
Right.
That's how they make money.
The more customers they have, the more they have money in the bank and the more they make money from
the diverse products they offer to their customers.
So, of course, their interest is to keep the maximum customers.
And therefore, they made this data set to understand the reasons somehow why customers leave the bank.
And mostly once they managed to build a predictive model that can predict if any new customer leaves
the bank.
You know, a model that was trained, of course, on this dataset.
Well, they will deploy this model on new customers.
And for all the customers where the model predicts that the customer leaves the bank, well, they will
be prepared and they might do some special offer to the customers so that it will stay in the bank.
You see.
So all this is to prevent the maximum customers from leaving the bank.
And why is this girl churn modelling?
Because customer churn means exactly the situation where some customers exit, you know, become no
longer a customer.
All right.
And of course, the bank has asked you the most down to data scientist to make this predictive model,
to first train it on this dataset, to understand the correlations of all these features and to depend
InVivo and then to deploy this model on future customers.
And you will see that in the implementation we will actually deploy the future machinery model will
get on a different customer, you know, not part of this data set.
So asked to predict if this new customer will stay in the bank or leave the bank.
And even better than this, we will actually predict the probability that this customer leaves the bank.
So we have a lot to do ahead of us.
But I'm super excited because deep learning is a fascinating branch of machine learning.
So let's start right away and let's open our implementation artificial new network that IP won't be
which you can feel free to open with either Google collaboratory, as I'm about to do, or Dupere in
notebook as you want.
Just make sure you feel comfortable coding on your favorite iji.
All right.
So now the implementation is opening.
Laying it out.
The notebook.
Perfect.
That's the implementation once again in read only mode right now.
We will click foul here to create a copy of this implementation.
And as usual, we will reimplement all this from scratch so that we can really learn by doing.
All right.
So that's the copy.
Now, let's remove all the cells.
Right.
This one, not the text cells, of course, because we want to keep the well highlighted structure of
this implementation.
But let's definitely remove the code cells.
So there are many of them.
So you will actually have a bit of time doing it.
But, you know, it's not that long.
It's fine.
There is a long data repricing phase and then a long phase of building the neural network.
And I really gave the details of the implementation.
You will actually see many steps.
All right.
And there are so many steps that I actually added a level of structure, because as you can see, the
full implementation is divided into three parts.
Right.
There is a homework at the end, the solution.
So let me not show it to you.
And that's almost the end.
Confusion, matrix and perfect.
All right.
Okay.
So, as you saw, this is a long implementation.
This will be a long part, but it is absolutely worth it.
Deep learning is one of the most powerful branches of machinery.
Okay, so let's see.
We start first by empowering the libraries as usual.
And then we enter part one data preprocessing.
So that's the first part of the whole implementation.
Structured in four parts, which are the following.
Part one.
Data processing.
Part two.
Building the N.N. Part three.
Training the N.N. and part for making the predictions and evaluating the moral.
And then each part.
Well, we have the different steps in parts.
One day you'll be pressing Will first important data set, of course.
Then we'll have some data pricing to do.
You know, not only the classic steps of the template, but also some extra tools.
And we will see that together.
Then in part two, we will first initialized and then we'll add an input layer.
And the first hidden layer to our artificial brain.
Then we'll add the second hidden layer.
Then the output layer.
Then in the next part three training.
And then we will first start by compiling the AON into, you know, an optimizer and a loss function.
Then we will train the Eynon on the training set.
And finally, in part four.
Well, we will deploy our moral in production to predict the result of a single observation, meaning
to predict if a new customer will stay or leave the bank.
Then we will predict the test results to, you know, get that widespread vector to eventually make
the confusion.
Tricks with the final accuracy.
All right.
So, once again, as you can see, this implementation is very long.
So make sure to have full energy and full motivation for this, because we have a long but yet exciting
journey in front of us.
So as soon as you're ready.
Well, meet me in the next tutorial to smash this implementation.
And until then, enjoy machine learning.